Terms of Service
(If you are a user having your usual residence in the US)

Last updated: February 2019

1. Your Relationship With Us
Welcome to TikTok (the “Platform”), which is provided by TikTok Inc. in the United States (collectively such entities will be referred to as “TikTok”, “we” or “us”).

You are reading the terms of service (the “Terms”), which govern the relationship and serve as an agreement between you and us and set forth the terms and conditions by which you may access and use the Platform and our related websites, services, applications, products and content (collectively, the “Services”). Access to certain Services or features of the Services (such as, by way of example and not limitation, the ability to submit or share User Content (defined below)) may be subject to age restrictions and not available to all users of the Services. Our Services are provided for private, non-commercial use. For purposes of these Terms, “you” and “your” means you as the user of the Services.

The Terms form a legally binding agreement between you and us. Please take the time to read them carefully. If you are under age 18, you may only use the Services with the consent of your parent or legal guardian. Please be sure your parent or legal guardian has reviewed and discussed these Terms with you.

ARBITRATION NOTICE FOR USERS IN THE UNITED STATES: THESE TERMS CONTAIN AN ARBITRATION CLAUSE AND A WAIVER OF RIGHTS TO BRING A CLASS ACTION AGAINST US. EXCEPT FOR CERTAIN TYPES OF DISPUTES MENTIONED IN THAT ARBITRATION CLAUSE, YOU AND TIKTOK AGREE THAT DISPUTES BETWEEN US WILL BE RESOLVED BY MANDATORY BINDING ARBITRATION, AND YOU AND TIKTOK WAIVE ANY RIGHT TO PARTICIPATE IN A CLASS-ACTION LAWSUIT OR CLASS-WIDE ARBITRATION.

2. Accepting the Terms
By accessing or using our Services, you confirm that you can form a binding contract with TikTok, that you accept these Terms and that you agree to comply with them. Your access to and use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy Policy and Community Guidelines, the terms of which can be found directly on the Platform, or where the Platform is made available for download, on your mobile device’s applicable app store, and are incorporated herein by reference. By using the Services, you consent to the terms of the Privacy Policy.

If you are accessing or using the Services on behalf of a business or entity, then (a) “you” and “your” includes you and that business or entity, (b) you represent and warrant that you are an authorized representative of the business or entity with the authority to bind the entity to these Terms, and that you agree to these Terms on the entity’s behalf, and (c) your business or entity is legally and financially responsible for your access or use of the Services as well as for the access or use of your account by others affiliated with your entity, including any employees, agents or contractors.

You can accept the Terms by accessing or using our Services. You understand and agree that we will treat your access or use of the Services as acceptance of the Terms from that point onwards.

You should print off or save a local copy of the Terms for your records.

3. Changes to the Terms
We amend these Terms from time to time, for instance when we update the functionality of our Services, when we combine multiple apps or services operated by us or our affiliates into a single combined service or app, or when there are regulatory changes. We will use commercially reasonable efforts to generally notify all users of any material changes to these Terms, such as through a notice on our Platform, however, you should look at the Terms regularly to check for such changes. We will also update the “Last Updated” date at the top of these Terms, which reflect the effective date of such Terms. Your continued access or use of the Services after the date of the new Terms constitutes your acceptance of the new Terms. If you do not agree to the new Terms, you must stop accessing or using the Services.

4. Your Account with Us
To access or use some of our Services, you must create an account with us. When you create this account, you must provide accurate and up-to-date information. It is important that you maintain and promptly update your details and any other information you provide to us, to keep such information current and complete.

It is important that you keep your account password confidential and that you do not disclose it to any third party. If you know or suspect that any third party knows your password or has accessed your account, you must notify us immediately at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.

You agree that you are solely responsible (to us and to others) for the activity that occurs under your account.

We reserve the right to disable your user account at any time, including if you have failed to comply with any of the provisions of these Terms, or if activities occur on your account which, in our sole discretion, would or might cause damage to or impair the Services or infringe or violate any third party rights, or violate any applicable laws or regulations.

If you no longer want to use our Services again, and would like your account deleted, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. We will provide you with further assistance and guide you through the process. Once you choose to delete your account, you will not be able to reactivate your account or retrieve any of the content or information you have added.

5. Your Access to and Use of Our Services
Your access to and use of the Services is subject to these Terms and all applicable laws and regulations. You may not:

access or use the Services if you are not fully able and legally competent to agree to these Terms or are authorized to use the Services by your parent or legal guardian;
make unauthorised copies, modify, adapt, translate, reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile or create any derivative works of the Services or any content included therein, including any files, tables or documentation (or any portion thereof) or determine or attempt to determine any source code, algorithms, methods or techniques embodied by the Services or any derivative works thereof;
distribute, license, transfer, or sell, in whole or in part, any of the Services or any derivative works thereof
market, rent or lease the Services for a fee or charge, or use the Services to advertise or perform any commercial solicitation;
use the Services, without our express written consent, for any commercial or unauthorized purpose, including communicating or facilitating any commercial advertisement or solicitation or spamming;
interfere with or attempt to interfere with the proper working of the Services, disrupt our website or any networks connected to the Services, or bypass any measures we may use to prevent or restrict access to the Services;
incorporate the Services or any portion thereof into any other program or product. In such case, we reserve the right to refuse service, terminate accounts or limit access to the Services in our sole discretion;
use automated scripts to collect information from or otherwise interact with the Services;
impersonate any person or entity, or falsely state or otherwise misrepresent you or your affiliation with any person or entity, including giving the impression that any content you upload, post, transmit, distribute or otherwise make available emanates from the Services;
intimidate or harass another, or promote sexually explicit material, violence or discrimination based on race, sex, religion, nationality, disability, sexual orientation or age;
use or attempt to use another’s account, service or system without authorisation from TikTok, or create a false identity on the Services;
use the Services in a manner that may create a conflict of interest or undermine the purposes of the Services, such as trading reviews with other users or writing or soliciting fake reviews;
use the Services to upload, transmit, distribute, store or otherwise make available in any way: files that contain viruses, trojans, worms, logic bombs or other material that is malicious or technologically harmful;
any unsolicited or unauthorised advertising, solicitations, promotional materials, “junk mail,” “spam,” “chain letters,” “pyramid schemes,” or any other prohibited form of solicitation;
any private information of any third party, including addresses, phone numbers, email addresses, number and feature in the personal identity document (e.g., National Insurance numbers, passport numbers) or credit card numbers;
any material which does or may infringe any copyright, trademark or other intellectual property or privacy rights of any other person;
any material which is defamatory of any person, obscene, offensive, pornographic, hateful or inflammatory;
any material that would constitute, encourage or provide instructions for a criminal offence, dangerous activities or self-harm;
any material that is deliberately designed to provoke or antagonise people, especially trolling and bullying, or is intended to harass, harm, hurt, scare, distress, embarrass or upset people;
any material that contains a threat of any kind, including threats of physical violence;
any material that is racist or discriminatory, including discrimination on the basis of someone’s race, religion, age, gender, disability or sexuality;
any answers, responses, comments, opinions, analysis or recommendations that you are not properly licensed or otherwise qualified to provide; or
material that, in the sole judgment of TikTok, is objectionable or which restricts or inhibits any other person from using the Services, or which may expose TikTok, the Services or its users to any harm or liability of any type.
In addition to the above, your access to and use of the Services must, at all times, be compliant with our Community Guidelines.

We reserve the right, at any time and without prior notice, to remove or disable access to content at our discretion for any reason or no reason. Some of the reasons we may remove or disable access to content may include finding the content objectionable, in violation of these Terms or our Community Policy, or otherwise harmful to the Services or our users. Our automated systems analyze your content (including emails) to provide you personally relevant product features, such as customized search results, tailored advertising, and spam and malware detection. This analysis occurs as the content is sent, received, and when it is stored.

6. Intellectual Property Rights
We respect intellectual property rights and ask you to do the same. As a condition of your access to and use of the Services, you agree to the terms of the Copyright Policy.

7. Content
TikTok Content
As between you and TikTok, all content, software, images, text, graphics, illustrations, logos, patents, trademarks, service marks, copyrights, photographs, audio, videos, music on and “look and feel” of the Services, and all intellectual property rights related thereto (the “TikTok Content”), are either owned or licensed by TikTok, it being understood that you or your licensors will own any User Content (as defined below) you upload or transmit through the Services. Use of the TikTok Content or materials on the Services for any purpose not expressly permitted by these Terms is strictly prohibited. Such content may not be downloaded, copied, reproduced, distributed, transmitted, broadcast, displayed, sold, licensed or otherwise exploited for any purpose whatsoever without our or, where applicable, our licensors’ prior written consent. We and our licensors reserve all rights not expressly granted in and to their content.

You acknowledge and agree that we may generate revenues, increase goodwill or otherwise increase our value from your use of the Services, including, by way of example and not limitation, through the sale of advertising, sponsorships, promotions, usage data and Gifts (defined below), and except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you will have no right to share in any such revenue, goodwill or value whatsoever. You further acknowledge that, except as specifically permitted by us in these Terms or in another agreement you enter into with us, you (i) have no right to receive any income or other consideration from any User Content (defined below) or your use of any musical works, sound recordings or audiovisual clips made available to you on or through the Services, including in any User Content created by you, and (ii) are prohibited from exercising any rights to monetize or obtain consideration from any User Content within the Services or on any third party service ( e.g. , you cannot claim User Content that has been uploaded to a social media platform such as YouTube for monetization).

Subject to the terms and conditions of the Terms, you are hereby granted a non-exclusive, limited, non-transferable, non-sublicensable, revocable, worldwide license to access and use the Services, including to download the Platform on a permitted device, and to access the TIkTok Content solely for your personal, non-commercial use through your use of the Services and solely in compliance with these Terms. TikTok reserves all rights not expressly granted herein in the Services and the TikTok Content. You acknowledge and agree that TikTok may terminate this license at any time for any reason or no reason.

NO RIGHTS ARE LICENSED WITH RESPECT TO SOUND RECORDINGS AND THE MUSICAL WORKS EMBODIED THEREIN THAT ARE MADE AVAILABLE FROM OR THROUGH THE SERVICE.

You acknowledge and agree that when you view content provided by others on the Services, you are doing so at your own risk. The content on our Services is provided for general information only. It is not intended to amount to advice on which you should rely. You must obtain professional or specialist advice before taking, or refraining from, any action on the basis of the content on our Services.

We make no representations, warranties or guarantees, whether express or implied, that any TikTok Content (including User Content) is accurate, complete or up to date. Where our Services contain links to other sites and resources provided by third parties, these links are provided for your information only. We have no control over the contents of those sites or resources. Such links should not be interpreted as approval by us of those linked websites or information you may obtain from them. You acknowledge that we have no obligation to pre-screen, monitor, review, or edit any content posted by you and other users on the Services (including User Content).

User-Generated Content
Users of the Services may be permitted to upload, post or transmit (such as via a stream) or otherwise make available content through the Services including, without limitation, any text, photographs, user videos, sound recordings and the musical works embodied therein, including videos that incorporate locally stored sound recordings from your personal music library and ambient noise (“User Content”). Users of the Services may also extract all or any portion of User Content created by another user to produce additional User Content, including collaborative User Content with other users, that combine and intersperse User Content generated by more than one user. Users of the Services may also overlay music, graphics, stickers, Virtual Items (as defined and further explained Virtual Items Policy) and other elements provided by TikTok (“TikTok Elements”) onto this User Content and transmit this User Content through the Services. The information and materials in the User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, have not been verified or approved by us. The views expressed by other users on the Services (including through use of the virtual gifts) do not represent our views or values.

Whenever you access or use a feature that allows you to upload or transmit User Content through the Services (including via certain third party social media platforms such as Instagram, Facebook, YouTube, Twitter), or to make contact with other users of the Services, you must comply with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. You may also choose to upload or transmit your User Content, including User Content that includes TikTok Elements, on sites or platforms hosted by third parties. If you decide to do this, you must comply with their content guidelines as well as with the standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. As noted above, these features may not be available to all users of the Services, and we have no liability to you for limiting your right to certain features of the Services.

You warrant that any such contribution does comply with those standards, and you will be liable to us and indemnify us for any breach of that warranty. This means you will be responsible for any loss or damage we suffer as a result of your breach of warranty.

Any User Content will be considered non-confidential and non-proprietary. You must not post any User Content on or through the Services or transmit to us any User Content that you consider to be confidential or proprietary. When you submit User Content through the Services, you agree and represent that you own that User Content, or you have received all necessary permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services, to transmit it from the Services to other third party platforms, and/or adopt any third party content.

If you only own the rights in and to a sound recording, but not to the underlying musical works embodied in such sound recordings, then you must not post such sound recordings to the Services unless you have all permissions, clearances from, or are authorised by, the owner of any part of the content to submit it to the Services

You or the owner of your User Content still own the copyright in User Content sent to us, but by submitting User Content via the Services, you hereby grant us an unconditional irrevocable, non-exclusive, royalty-free, fully transferable, perpetual worldwide licence to use, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit, and/or distribute and to authorise other users of the Services and other third-parties to view, access, use, download, modify, adapt, reproduce, make derivative works of, publish and/or transmit your User Content in any format and on any platform, either now known or hereinafter invented.

You further grant us a royalty-free license to use your user name, image, voice, and likeness to identify you as the source of any of your User Content; provided, however, that your ability to provide an image, voice, and likeness may be subject to limitations due to age restrictions.

For the avoidance of doubt, the rights granted in the preceding paragraphs of this Section include, but are not limited to, the right to reproduce sound recordings (and make mechanical reproductions of the musical works embodied in such sound recordings), and publicly perform and communicate to the public sound recordings (and the musical works embodied therein), all on a royalty-free basis. This means that you are granting us the right to use your User Content without the obligation to pay royalties to any third party, including, but not limited to, a sound recording copyright owner (e.g., a record label), a musical work copyright owner (e.g., a music publisher), a performing rights organization (e.g., ASCAP, BMI, SESAC, etc.) (a “PRO”), a sound recording PRO (e.g., SoundExchange), any unions or guilds, and engineers, producers or other royalty participants involved in the creation of User Content.

Specific Rules for Musical Works and for Recording Artists. If you are a composer or author of a musical work and are affiliated with a PRO, then you must notify your PRO of the royalty-free license you grant through these Terms in your User Content to us. You are solely responsible for ensuring your compliance with the relevant PRO’s reporting obligations. If you have assigned your rights to a music publisher, then you must obtain the consent of such music publisher to grant the royalty-free license(s) set forth in these Terms in your User Content or have such music publisher enter into these Terms with us. Just because you authored a musical work (e.g., wrote a song) does not mean you have the right to grant us the licenses in these Terms. If you are a recording artist under contract with a record label, then you are solely responsible for ensuring that your use of the Services is in compliance with any contractual obligations you may have to your record label, including if you create any new recordings through the Services that may be claimed by your label.

Through-To-The-Audience Rights. All of the rights you grant in your User Content in these Terms are provided on a through-to-the-audience basis, meaning the owners or operators of third party services will not have any separate liability to you or any other third party for User Content posted or used on such third party service via the Services.

Waiver of Rights to User Content. By posting User Content to or through the Services, you waive any rights to prior inspection or approval of any marketing or promotional materials related to such User Content. You also waive any and all rights of privacy, publicity, or any other rights of a similar nature in connection with your User Content, or any portion thereof. To the extent any moral rights are not transferable or assignable, you hereby waive and agree never to assert any and all moral rights, or to support, maintain or permit any action based on any moral rights that you may have in or with respect to any User Content you Post to or through the Services.

We also have the right to disclose your identity to any third party who is claiming that any User Content posted or uploaded by you to our Services constitutes a violation of their intellectual property rights, or of their right to privacy.

We, or authorised third parties, reserve the right to cut, crop, edit or refuse to publish, your content at our or their sole discretion. We have the right to remove, disallow, block or delete any posting you make on our Services if, in our opinion, your post does not comply with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services”above. In addition, we have the right – but not the obligation – in our sole discretion to remove, disallow, block or delete any User Content (i) that we consider to violate these Terms, or (ii) in response to complaints from other users or third parties, with or without notice and without any liability to you. As a result, we recommend that you save copies of any User Content that you post to the Services on your personal device(s) in the event that you want to ensure that you have permanent access to copies of such User Content. We do not guarantee the accuracy, integrity, appropriateness or quality of any User Content, and under no circumstances will we be liable in any way for any User Content.

You control whether your User Content is made publicly available on the Services to all other users of the Services or only available to people you approve. To restrict access to your User Content, you should select the privacy setting available within the Platform.

We accept no liability in respect of any content submitted by users and published by us or by authorised third parties.

If you wish to file a complaint about information or materials uploaded by other users, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback.

TikTok takes reasonable measures to expeditiously remove from our Services any infringing material that we become aware of.It is TikTok’s policy, in appropriate circumstances and at its discretion, to disable or terminate the accounts of users of the Services who repeatedly infringe copyrights or intellectual property rights of others.

While our own staff is continually working to develop and evaluate our own product ideas and features, we pride ourselves on paying close attention to the interests, feedback, comments, and suggestions we receive from the user community. If you choose to contribute by sending us or our employees any ideas for products, services, features, modifications, enhancements, content, refinements, technologies, content offerings (such as audio, visual, games, or other types of content), promotions, strategies, or product/feature names, or any related documentation, artwork, computer code, diagrams, or other materials (collectively “Feedback”), then regardless of what your accompanying communication may say, the following terms will apply, so that future misunderstandings can be avoided. Accordingly, by sending Feedback to us, you agree that:

TikTok has no obligation to review, consider, or implement your Feedback, or to return to you all or part of any Feedback for any reason;

Feedback is provided on a non-confidential basis, and we are not under any obligation to keep any Feedback you send confidential or to refrain from using or disclosing it in any way; and

You irrevocably grant us perpetual and unlimited permission to reproduce, distribute, create derivative works of, modify, publicly perform (including on a through-to-the-audience basis), communicate to the public, make available, publicly display, and otherwise use and exploit the Feedback and derivatives thereof for any purpose and without restriction, free of charge and without attribution of any kind, including by making, using, selling, offering for sale, importing, and promoting commercial products and services that incorporate or embody Feedback, whether in whole or in part, and whether as provided or as modified.

8. Indemnity
You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless TikTok, its parents, subsidiaries, and affiliates, and each of their respective officers, directors, employees, agents and advisors from any and all claims, liabilities, costs, and expenses, including, but not limited to, attorneys’ fees and expenses, arising out of a breach by you or any user of your account of these Terms or arising out of a breach of your obligations, representation and warranties under these Terms.

9. EXCLUSION OF WARRANTIES
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL AFFECT ANY STATUTORY RIGHTS THAT YOU CANNOT CONTRACTUALLY AGREE TO ALTER OR WAIVE AND ARE LEGALLY ALWAYS ENTITLED TO AS A CONSUMER.

THE SERVICES ARE PROVIDED “AS IS” AND WE MAKE NO WARRANTY OR REPRESENTATION TO YOU WITH RESPECT TO THEM. IN PARTICULAR WE DO NOT REPRESENT OR WARRANT TO YOU THAT:

YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL MEET YOUR REQUIREMENTS;
YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE UNINTERRUPTED, TIMELY, SECURE OR FREE FROM ERROR;
ANY INFORMATION OBTAINED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES WILL BE ACCURATE OR RELIABLE; AND
DEFECTS IN THE OPERATION OR FUNCTIONALITY OF ANY SOFTWARE PROVIDED TO YOU AS PART OF THE SERVICES WILL BE CORRECTED.
NO CONDITIONS, WARRANTIES OR OTHER TERMS (INCLUDING ANY IMPLIED TERMS AS TO SATISFACTORY QUALITY, FITNESS FOR PURPOSE OR CONFORMANCE WITH DESCRIPTION) APPLY TO THE SERVICES EXCEPT TO THE EXTENT THAT THEY ARE EXPRESSLY SET OUT IN THE TERMS. WE MAY CHANGE, SUSPEND, WITHDRAW OR RESTRICT THE AVAILABILITY OF ALL OR ANY PART OF OUR PLATFORM FOR BUSINESS AND OPERATIONAL REASONS AT ANY TIME WITHOUT NOTICE

10. LIMITATION OF LIABILITY
NOTHING IN THESE TERMS SHALL EXCLUDE OR LIMIT OUR LIABILITY FOR LOSSES WHICH MAY NOT BE LAWFULLY EXCLUDED OR LIMITED BY APPLICABLE LAW. THIS INCLUDES LIABILITY FOR DEATH OR PERSONAL INJURY CAUSED BY OUR NEGLIGENCE OR THE NEGLIGENCE OF OUR EMPLOYEES, AGENTS OR SUBCONTRACTORS AND FOR FRAUD OR FRAUDULENT MISREPRESENTATION.

SUBJECT TO THE PARAGRAPH ABOVE, WE SHALL NOT BE LIABLE TO YOU FOR:

(I) ANY LOSS OF PROFIT (WHETHER INCURRED DIRECTLY OR INDIRECTLY);
(II) ANY LOSS OF GOODWILL;
(III) ANY LOSS OF OPPORTUNITY;
(IV) ANY LOSS OF DATA SUFFERED BY YOU; OR
(V) ANY INDIRECT OR CONSEQUENTIAL LOSSES WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU. ANY OTHER LOSS WILL BE LIMITED TO THE AMOUNT PAID BY YOU TO TIKTOK WITHIN THE LAST 12 MONTHS.
ANY LOSS OR DAMAGE WHICH MAY BE INCURRED BY YOU AS A RESULT OF:

ANY RELIANCE PLACED BY YOU ON THE COMPLETENESS, ACCURACY OR EXISTENCE OF ANY ADVERTISING, OR AS A RESULT OF ANY RELATIONSHIP OR TRANSACTION BETWEEN YOU AND ANY ADVERTISER OR SPONSOR WHOSE ADVERTISING APPEARS ON THE SERVICE;
ANY CHANGES WHICH WE MAY MAKE TO THE SERVICES, OR FOR ANY PERMANENT OR TEMPORARY CESSATION IN THE PROVISION OF THE SERVICES (OR ANY FEATURES WITHIN THE SERVICES);
THE DELETION OF, CORRUPTION OF, OR FAILURE TO STORE, ANY CONTENT AND OTHER COMMUNICATIONS DATA MAINTAINED OR TRANSMITTED BY OR THROUGH YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES;
YOUR FAILURE TO PROVIDE US WITH ACCURATE ACCOUNT INFORMATION; OR
YOUR FAILURE TO KEEP YOUR PASSWORD OR ACCOUNT DETAILS SECURE AND CONFIDENTIAL.
PLEASE NOTE THAT WE ONLY PROVIDE OUR PLATFORM FOR DOMESTIC AND PRIVATE USE. YOU AGREE NOT TO USE OUR PLATFORM FOR ANY COMMERCIAL OR BUSINESS PURPOSES, AND WE HAVE NO LIABILITY TO YOU FOR ANY LOSS OF PROFIT, LOSS OF BUSINESS, LOSS OF GOODWILL OR BUSINESS REPUTATION, BUSINESS INTERRUPTION, OR LOSS OF BUSINESS OPPORTUNITY.

IF DEFECTIVE DIGITAL CONTENT THAT WE HAVE SUPPLIED DAMAGES A DEVICE OR DIGITAL CONTENT BELONGING TO YOU AND THIS IS CAUSED BY OUR FAILURE TO USE REASONABLE CARE AND SKILL, WE WILL EITHER REPAIR THE DAMAGE OR PAY YOU COMPENSATION. HOWEVER, WE WILL NOT BE LIABLE FOR DAMAGE THAT YOU COULD HAVE AVOIDED BY FOLLOWING OUR ADVICE TO APPLY AN UPDATE OFFERED TO YOU FREE OF CHARGE OR FOR DAMAGE THAT WAS CAUSED BY YOU FAILING TO CORRECTLY FOLLOW INSTALLATION INSTRUCTIONS OR TO HAVE IN PLACE THE MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS ADVISED BY US.

THESE LIMITATIONS ON OUR LIABILITY TO YOU SHALL APPLY WHETHER OR NOT WE HAVE BEEN ADVISED OF OR SHOULD HAVE BEEN AWARE OF THE POSSIBILITY OF ANY SUCH LOSSES ARISING.

YOU ARE RESPONSIBLE FOR ANY MOBILE CHARGES THAT MAY APPLY TO YOUR USE OF OUR SERVICE, INCLUDING TEXT-MESSAGING AND DATA CHARGES. IF YOU’RE UNSURE WHAT THOSE CHARGES MAY BE, YOU SHOULD ASK YOUR SERVICE PROVIDER BEFORE USING THE SERVICE.

TO THE FULLEST EXTENT PERMITTED BY LAW, ANY DISPUTE YOU HAVE WITH ANY THIRD PARTY ARISING OUT OF YOUR USE OF THE SERVICES, INCLUDING, BY WAY OF EXAMPLE AND NOT LIMITATION, ANY CARRIER, COPYRIGHT OWNER OR OTHER USER, IS DIRECTLY BETWEEN YOU AND SUCH THIRD PARTY, AND YOU IRREVOCABLY RELEASE US AND OUR AFFILIATES FROM ANY AND ALL CLAIMS, DEMANDS AND DAMAGES (ACTUAL AND CONSEQUENTIAL) OF EVERY KIND AND NATURE, KNOWN AND UNKNOWN, ARISING OUT OF OR IN ANY WAY CONNECTED WITH SUCH DISPUTES.

11. Other Terms
Open Source.The Platform contains certain open source software. Each item of open source software is subject to its own applicable license terms, which can be found at Open Source Policy.

Entire Agreement.These Terms constitute the whole legal agreement between you and TikTok and govern your use of the Services and completely replace any prior agreements between you and TikTok in relation to the Services.

Links. You may link to our home page, provided you do so in a way that is fair and legal and does not damage our reputation or take advantage of it. You must not establish a link in such a way as to suggest any form of association, approval or endorsement on our part where none exists. You must not establish a link to our Services in any website that is not owned by you. The website in which you are linking must comply in all respects with the content standards set out at “Your Access to and Use of Our Services” above. We reserve the right to withdraw linking permission without notice.

No Waiver. Our failure to insist upon or enforce any provision of these Terms shall not be construed as a waiver of any provision or right.

Security. We do not guarantee that our Services will be secure or free from bugs or viruses. You are responsible for configuring your information technology, computer programmes and platform to access our Services. You should use your own virus protection software.

Severability. If any court of law, having jurisdiction to decide on this matter, rules that any provision of these Terms is invalid, then that provision will be removed from the Terms without affecting the rest of the Terms, and the remaining provisions of the Terms will continue to be valid and enforceable.

ARBITRATION AND CLASS ACTION WAIVER. This Section includes an arbitration agreement and an agreement that all claims will be brought only in an individual capacity (and not as a class action or other representative proceeding). Please read it carefully. You may opt out of the arbitration agreement by following the opt out procedure described below.

Informal Process First. You agree that in the event of any dispute between you and TikTok, you will first contact TikTok and make a good faith sustained effort to resolve the dispute before resorting to more formal means of resolution, including without limitation any court action.

Arbitration Agreement. After the informal dispute resolution process any remaining dispute, controversy, or claim (collectively, “Claim”) relating in any way to your use of TikTok’s services and/or products, including the Services, or relating in any way to the communications between you and TikTok or any other user of the Services, will be finally resolved by binding arbitration. This mandatory arbitration agreement applies equally to you and TikTok. However, this arbitration agreement does not (a) govern any Claim by TikTok for infringement of its intellectual property or access to the Services that is unauthorized or exceeds authorization granted in these Terms or (b) bar you from making use of applicable small claims court procedures in appropriate cases. If you are an individual you may opt out of this arbitration agreement within thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use this Services by following the procedure described below.

You agree that the U.S. Federal Arbitration Act governs the interpretation and enforcement of this provision, and that you and TikTok are each waiving the right to a trial by jury or to participate in a class action. This arbitration provision will survive any termination of these Terms.

If you wish to begin an arbitration proceeding, after following the informal dispute resolution procedure, you must send a letter requesting arbitration and describing your claim to:

TikTok Inc., 5800 Bristol Parkway, Culver City, CA 90230

Email Address: legal@tiktok.com

The arbitration will be administered by the American Arbitration Association (AAA) under its rules including, if you are an individual, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes. If you are not an individual or have used the Services on behalf of an entity, the AAA's Supplementary Procedures for Consumer-Related Disputes will not be used. The AAA's rules are available at www.adr.org or by calling 1-800-778-7879.

Payment of all filing, administration and arbitrator fees will be governed by the AAA's rules. If you are an individual and have not accessed or used the Services on behalf of an entity, we will reimburse those fees for claims where the amount in dispute is less than $10,000, unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous, and we will not seek attorneys’ fees and costs in arbitration unless the arbitrator determines the claims are frivolous.

The arbitrator, and not any federal, state, or local court, will have exclusive authority to resolve any dispute relating to the interpretation, applicability, unconscionability, arbitrability, enforceability, or formation of this arbitration agreement, including any claim that all or any part of this arbitration agreement is void or voidable. However, the preceding sentence will not apply to the “Class Action Waiver” section below.

If you do not want to arbitrate disputes with TikTok and you are an individual, you may opt out of this arbitration agreement by sending an email to legal@tiktok.com within thirty (30) days of the first of the date you access or use the Services.

Class Action Waiver. Any Claim must be brought in the respective party’s individual capacity, and not as a plaintiff or class member in any purported class, collective, representative, multiple plaintiff, or similar proceeding (“Class Action”). The parties expressly waive any ability to maintain any Class Action in any forum. If the Claim is subject to arbitration, the arbitrator will not have authority to combine or aggregate similar claims or conduct any Class Action nor make an award to any person or entity not a party to the arbitration. Any claim that all or part of this Class Action Waiver is unenforceable, unconscionable, void, or voidable may be determined only by a court of competent jurisdiction and not by an arbitrator. The parties understand that any right to litigate in court, to have a judge or jury decide their case, or to be a party to a class or representative action, is waived, and that any claims must be decided individually, through arbitration.

If this class action waiver is found to be unenforceable, then the entirety of the Arbitration Agreement, if otherwise effective, will be null and void. The arbitrator may award declaratory or injunctive relief only in favor of the individual party seeking relief and only to the extent necessary to provide relief warranted by that party's individual claim. If for any reason a claim proceeds in court rather than in arbitration, you and TikTok each waive any right to a jury trial.

If a counter-notice is received by TikTok’s Copyright Agent, we may send a copy of the counter-notice to the original complaining party informing that person that we may replace the removed content or cease disabling it. Unless the original complaining party files an action seeking a court order against the Content Provider, member or user, the removed content may be replaced, or access to it restored, in ten business days or more after receipt of the counter-notice, at TikTok’s sole discretion.

Please understand that filing a counter-notification may lead to legal proceedings between you and the complaining party to determine ownership. Be aware that there may be adverse legal consequences in your country if you make a false or bad faith allegation by using this process.

California Consumer Rights Notice. Under California Civil Code Section 1789.3, California users of the Services receive the following specific consumer rights notice: The Complaint Assistance Unit of the Division of Consumer Services of the California Department of Consumer Affairs may be contacted in writing at the contact information set forth at https://www.dca.ca.gov/about_us/contactus.shtml.

Users of the Services who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/feedback. All requests must be labeled "California Removal Request" on the email subject line. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone or facsimile. We are not responsible for notices that are not labeled or sent properly, and we may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information.

Exports. You agree that you will not export or re-export, directly or indirectly the Services and/or other information or materials provided by TikTok hereunder, to any country for which the United States or any other relevant jurisdiction requires any export license or other governmental approval at the time of export without first obtaining such license or approval. In particular, but without limitation, the Services may not be exported or re-exported (a) into any U.S. embargoed countries or any country that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country, or (b) to anyone listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties, including the U.S. Treasury Department's list of Specially Designated Nationals or the U.S. Department of Commerce Denied Person’s List or Entity List.

U.S. Government Restricted Rights. The Services and related documentation are "Commercial Items", as that term is defined at 48 C.F.R. §2.101, consisting of "Commercial Computer Software" and "Commercial Computer Software Documentation", as such terms are used in 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202, as applicable. Consistent with 48 C.F.R. §12.212 or 48 C.F.R. §227.7202-1 through 227.7202-4, as applicable, the Commercial Computer Software and Commercial Computer Software Documentation are being licensed to U.S. Government end users (a) only as Commercial Items and (b) with only those rights as are granted to all other end users pursuant to the terms and conditions herein.

App Stores
To the extent permitted by applicable law, the following supplemental terms shall apply when accessing the Platform through specific devices:

Notice regarding Apple.
By downloading the Platform from a device made by Apple, Inc. (“Apple”) or from Apple’s App Store, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

These Terms between TikTok and you; Apple is not a party to these Terms.
The license granted to you hereunder is limited to a personal, limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to install the Platform on the Apple device(s) authorised by Apple that you own or control for personal, non-commercial use, subject to the Usage Rules set forth in Apple’s App Store Terms of Services.
Apple is not responsible for the Platform or the content thereof and has no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance or support services with respect to the Platform.
In the event of any failure of the Platform to conform to any applicable warranty, you may notify Apple, and Apple will refund the purchase price for the Platform, if any, to you. To the maximum extent permitted by applicable law, Apple will have no other warranty obligation whatsoever with respect to the Platform.
Apple is not responsible for addressing any claims by you or a third party relating to the Platform or your possession or use of the Platform, including without limitation (a) product liability claims; (b) any claim that the Platform fails to conform to any applicable legal or regulatory requirement; and (c) claims arising under consumer protection or similar legislation.
In the event of any third party claim that the Platform or your possession and use of the Platform infringes such third party’s intellectual property rights, Apple is not responsible for the investigation, defence, settlement or discharge of such intellectual property infringement claim.
You represent and warrant that (a) you are not located in a country that is subject to a U.S. Government embargo, or that has been designated by the U.S. Government as a “terrorist supporting” country; and (b) you are not listed on any U.S. Government list of prohibited or restricted parties.
Apple and its subsidiaries are third party beneficiaries of these Terms and upon your acceptance of the terms and conditions of these Terms, Apple will have the right (and will be deemed to have accepted the right) to enforce these Terms against you as a third party beneficiary hereof.
TikTok expressly authorises use of the Platform by multiple users through the Family Sharing or any similar functionality provided by Apple.
Windows Phone Store.
By downloading the Platform from the Windows Phone Store (or its successors) operated by Microsoft, Inc. or its affiliates, you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

You may install and use one copy of the Platform on up to five (5) Windows Phone enabled devices that are affiliated with the Microsoft account you use to access the Windows Phone Store. Beyond that, we reserve the right to apply additional conditions or charge additional fees.
You acknowledge that Microsoft Corporation, your phone manufacturer and network operator have no obligation whatsoever to furnish any maintenance and support services with respect to the Platform.
Amazon Appstore.
By downloading the Platform from the Amazon Appstore (or its successors) operated by Amazon Digital Services, Inc. or affiliates (“Amazon”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Amazon Appstore Terms of Use or such other terms which Amazon designates as default end user license terms for the Amazon Appstore (“Amazon Appstore EULA Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from the Amazon Appstore, and
Amazon does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Amazon Appstore EULA Terms.
Google Play.
By downloading the Platform from Google Play (or its successors) operated by Google, Inc. or one of its affiliates (“Google”), you specifically acknowledge and agree that:

to the extent of any conflict between (a) the Google Play Terms of Services and the Google Play Business and Program Policies or such other terms which Google designates as default end user license terms for Google Play (all of which together are referred to as the “Google Play Terms”), and (b) the other terms and conditions in these Terms, the Google Play Terms shall apply with respect to your use of the Platform that you download from Google Play, and
you hereby acknowledge that Google does not have any responsibility or liability related to compliance or non-compliance by TikTok or you (or any other user) under these Terms or the Google Play Terms.

Privacy Policy
Last updated: March 21, 2023

This Privacy Policy applies to TikTok services (the “Platform”), which include TikTok apps, websites, software and related services accessed via any platform or device that link to this Privacy Policy. The Platform is provided and controlled by TikTok Inc. (“TikTok”, “we” or “us”). We are committed to protecting and respecting your privacy. This Privacy Policy explains how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users and other individuals age 13 and over in connection with our Platform. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of users under age 13 (“Children”), please refer to our Children’s Privacy Policy.

Capitalized terms that are not defined in this Privacy Policy have the meaning given to them in the Terms of Service.

What Information We Collect
We may collect information from and about you, including information that you provide, information from other sources, and automatically collected information.

Information You Provide
When you create an account, upload content, contact us directly, or otherwise use the Platform, you may provide some or all of the following information:

Account and profile information, such as name, age, username, password, language, email, phone number, social media account information, and profile image.
User-generated content, including comments, photographs, livestreams, audio recordings, videos, text, hashtags, and virtual item videos that you choose to create with or upload to the Platform (“User Content”) and the associated metadata, such as when, where, and by whom the content was created. Even if you are not a user, information about you may appear in User Content created or published by users on the Platform. When you create User Content, we may upload or import it to the Platform before you save or post the User Content (also known as pre-uploading), for example, in order to recommend audio options, generate captions, and provide other personalized recommendations. If you apply an effect to your User Content, we may collect a version of your User Content that does not include the effect.
Messages, which include information you provide when you compose, send, or receive messages through the Platform’s messaging functionalities. They include messages you send through our chat functionality when communicating with merchants who sell goods to you, and your use of virtual assistants when purchasing items through the Platform. That information includes the content of the message and information about the message, such as when it was sent, received, or read, and message participants. Please be aware that messages you choose to send to other users of the Platform will be accessible by those users and that we are not responsible for the manner in which those users use or share the messages.
Information, including text, images, and videos, found in your device’s clipboard, with your permission. For example, if you choose to initiate information sharing with a third-party platform, or choose to paste content from the clipboard onto the Platform, we access this information stored in your clipboard in order to fulfill your request.
Purchase information, including payment card numbers or other third-party payment information (such as PayPal) where required for the purpose of payment, and billing and shipping address. We also collect information that is required for extended warranty purposes and your transaction and purchase history on or through the Platform.
Your phone and social network contacts, with your permission. If you choose to find other users through your phone contacts, we will access and collect information such as names, phone numbers, and email addresses, and match that information against existing users of the Platform. If you choose to find other users through your social network contacts, we will collect your public profile information as well as names and profiles of your social network contacts.
Your choices and communication preferences.
Information to verify an account such as proof of identity or age.
Information in correspondence you send to us, including when you contact us for support.
Information you share through surveys or your participation in challenges, research, promotions, marketing campaigns, events, or contests such as your gender, age, likeness, and preferences.
Information From Other Sources
We may receive the information described in this Privacy Policy from other sources, such as:

If you choose to sign-up or log-in to the Platform using a third-party service such as Facebook, Twitter, Instagram, or Google, or link your TikTok account to a third-party service, we may collect information from the service–for example, your public profile information (such as nickname), email, and contact list.
Advertisers, measurement and other partners share information with us about you and the actions you have taken outside of the Platform, such as your activities on other websites and apps or in stores, including the products or services you purchased, online or in person. These partners also share information with us, such as mobile identifiers for advertising, hashed email addresses and phone numbers, and cookie identifiers, which we use to help match you and your actions outside of the Platform with your TikTok account. Some of our advertisers and other partners enable us to collect similar information directly from their websites or apps by integrating our TikTok Advertiser Tools (such as TikTok Pixel).
We may obtain information about you from certain affiliated entities within our corporate group, including about your activities on their platform.
We may receive information about you from others, including where you are included or mentioned in User Content, direct messages, in a complaint, appeal, request or feedback submitted to us, or if your contact information is provided to us. We may collect information about you from other publicly available sources.
Automatically Collected Information
We automatically collect certain information from you when you use the Platform, including internet or other network activity information such as your IP address, geolocation-related data, unique device identifiers, browsing and search history (including content you have viewed in the Platform), and Cookies.

Usage Information. We collect information regarding your use of the Platform and any other User Content that you generate through or upload to our Platform.
Device Information. We collect certain information about the device you use to access the Platform, such as your IP address, user agent, mobile carrier, time zone settings, identifiers for advertising purposes, model of your device, the device system, network type, device IDs, your screen resolution and operating system, app and file names and types, keystroke patterns or rhythms, battery state, audio settings and connected audio devices. We automatically assign you a device ID and user ID. Where you log-in from multiple devices, we will be able to use information such as your device ID and user ID to identify your activity across devices. We may also associate you with information collected from devices other than those you use to log-in to the Platform.
Location Data. We collect information about your approximate location, including location information based on your SIM card and/or IP address. In addition, we collect location information (such as tourist attractions, shops, or other points of interest) if you choose to add the location information to your User Content. Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, we may collect such information.
Image and Audio Information. We may collect information about the videos, images and audio that are a part of your User Content, such as identifying the objects and scenery that appear, the existence and location within an image of face and body features and attributes, the nature of the audio, and the text of the words spoken in your User Content. We may collect this information to enable special video effects, for content moderation, for demographic classification, for content and ad recommendations, and for other non-personally-identifying operations. We may collect biometric identifiers and biometric information as defined under U.S. laws, such as faceprints and voiceprints, from your User Content. Where required by law, we will seek any required permissions from you prior to any such collection.
Metadata. When you upload or create User Content, you automatically upload certain metadata that is connected to the User Content. Metadata describes other data and provides information about your User Content that will not always be evident to the viewer. For example, in connection with your User Content the metadata can describe how, when, where, and by whom the piece of User Content was created, collected, or modified and how that content is formatted. It also includes information, such as your account name, that enables other users to trace back the User Content to your user account. Additionally, metadata includes data that you choose to provide with your User Content, e.g., any hashtags used to mark keywords to the video and captions.
Cookies. We and our service providers and business partners use cookies and other similar technologies (e.g., web beacons, flash cookies, etc.) (“Cookies”) to automatically collect information, measure and analyze how you use the Platform, including which pages you view most often and how you interact with content, enhance your experience using the Platform, improve the Platform, provide you with advertising, and measure the effectiveness of advertisements and other content. We and our partners also use Cookies to promote the Platform on other platforms and websites. Cookies enable the Platform to provide certain features and functionality. Web beacons are very small images or small pieces of data embedded in images, also known as “pixel tags” or “clear GIFs,” that can recognize Cookies, the time and date a page is viewed, a description of the page where the pixel tag is placed, and similar information from your computer or device. To learn how to disable certain Cookies, see the “Your Choices” section below.
We may link your contact or account information with your activity on and off our Platform across all your devices, using your email or other log-in or device information. We may use this information to display advertisements on our Platform tailored to your interests, preferences, and characteristics.

We are not responsible for the privacy practices of our service providers and business partners, and the information practices of these service providers and business partners are not covered by this Privacy Policy.

We may aggregate or de-identify the information described above. Aggregated or de-identified data is not subject to this Privacy Policy.

How We Use Your Information
As explained below, we use your information to improve, support and administer the Platform, to allow you to use its functionalities, and to fulfill and enforce our Terms of Service. We may also use your information to, among other things, show you suggestions, promote the Platform, and customize your ad experience.

We generally use the Information We Collect:

To fulfill requests for products, services, Platform functionality, support and information for internal operations, including troubleshooting, data analysis, testing, research, statistical, and survey purposes and to solicit your feedback.
To customize the content you see when you use the Platform. For example, we may provide you with services based on the country settings you have chosen or show you content that is similar to content that you have liked or interacted with.
To send promotional materials from us or on behalf of our affiliates and trusted third parties.
To improve and develop our Platform and conduct product development.
To measure and understand the effectiveness of the advertisements we serve to you and others and to deliver advertising, including targeted advertising, to you on the Platform.
To make suggestions and provide a customized ad experience.
To support the social functions of the Platform, including to permit you and others to connect with each other (for example, through our Find Friends function), to suggest accounts to you and others, and for you and others to share, download, and otherwise interact with User Content posted through the Platform.
To use User Content as part of our advertising and marketing campaigns to promote the Platform.
To understand how you use the Platform, including across your devices.
To infer additional information about you, such as your age, gender, and interests.
To help us detect abuse, fraud, and illegal activity on the Platform.
To promote the safety and security of the Platform, including by scanning, analyzing, and reviewing User Content, messages and associated metadata for violations of our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions and policies.
To verify your identity in order to use certain features, such as livestream or verified accounts, or when you apply for a Pro Account, to ensure that you are old enough to use the Platform (as required by law), or in other instances where verification may be required.
To communicate with you, including to notify you about changes in our services.
To announce you as a winner of our contests or promotions if permitted by the promotion rule, and to send you any applicable prizes.
To enforce our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, and other conditions and policies.
Consistent with your permissions, to provide you with location-based services, such as advertising and other personalized content.
To train and improve our technology, such as our machine learning models and algorithms.
To combine all the Information We Collect or receive about you for any of the foregoing purposes.
To facilitate sales, promotion, and purchases of goods and services and to provide user support.
For any other purposes disclosed to you at the time we collect your information or pursuant to your consent.
How We Share Your Information
We are committed to maintaining your trust, and while TikTok does not sell your personal information or share your personal information with third parties for purposes of cross-context behavioral advertising where restricted by applicable law, we want you to understand when and with whom we may share the Information We Collect for business purposes.

Service Providers and Business Partners
We share the categories of personal information listed above with service providers and business partners to help us perform business operations and for business purposes, including research, payment processing and transaction fulfillment, database maintenance, administering contests and special offers, technology services, deliveries, sending communications, advertising and marketing services, analytics, measurement, data storage and hosting, disaster recovery, search engine optimization, and data processing. These service providers and business partners may include:

Payment processors and transaction fulfillment providers, who may receive the Information You Provide, Information From Other Sources, and Automatically Collected Information but who do not receive your message data, including, in particular, the following third-party payment providers/processors: PayPal (https://www.paypal.com/us/webapps/mpp/ua/privacy-full) and Stripe (https://stripe.com/en-ie/privacy).
Customer and technical support providers, who may receive the Information You Provide, Information From Other Sources, and Automatically Collected Information.
Researchers who may receive the Information You Provide, Information From Other Sources, and Automatically Collected Information but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Advertising, marketing, and analytics vendors, who may receive the Information You Provide, Information From Other Sources, and Automatically Collected Information but would not receive your payment information or message data.
Within Our Corporate Group
As a global company, the Platform is supported by certain entities within our corporate group, which are given limited remote access to Information We Collect as necessary to enable them to provide certain important functions. To learn more about how we share information with certain corporate group entities, see here.

In Connection with a Sale, Merger, or Other Business Transfer
We may share all of the Information We Collect in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of a website, a merger, consolidation, asset sales, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy.

For Legal Reasons
We may disclose any of the Information We Collect to respond to subpoenas, court orders, legal process, law enforcement requests, legal claims, or government inquiries, and to protect and defend the rights, interests, safety, and security of the Platform, our affiliates, users, or the public. We may also share any of the Information We Collect to enforce any terms applicable to the Platform, to exercise or defend any legal claims, and comply with any applicable law.

With Your Consent
We may share your information for other purposes pursuant to your consent or at your direction.

We partner with third-party services (such as Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, and Google) to offer you a seamless sign-up, log-in, and content-sharing experience. We may share information about you with these third-party services if you choose to use these features. For example, the services may receive information about your activity on the Platform and may notify your connections on the third-party services about your use of the Platform, in accordance with their privacy policies. If you choose to allow a third-party service to access your account, we will share certain information about you with the third party. Depending on the permissions you grant, the third party may be able to obtain your account information and other information you choose to provide.

If you choose to engage in public activities on the Platform, you should be aware that any information you share may be read, collected, or used by other users. You should use caution in disclosing personal information while using the Platform. We are not responsible for the information you choose to submit.

When you make a purchase from a third party on the Platform, including from a merchant selling products through our shopping features, we share the information related to the transaction with that third party and their service providers and transaction fulfillment providers. By making the purchase, you are directing us to share your information in this way. These entities may use the information shared in accordance with their privacy policies.

Your Rights
You may submit a request to know, access, correct or delete the information we have collected about you at https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. You may appeal any decision we have made about your request by following the instructions in the communication you receive from us notifying you of our decision. You may also exercise your rights to know, access, correct, delete, or appealby sending your request to the physical address provided in the “Contact Us” section below. You can also update your account information directly through your in-app settings, as well as request a copy of your TikTok data or request to deactivate or delete your account. Your right to know includes what personal information we have collected about you, including the categories of sources from which the personal information is collected, the business or commercial purpose for collecting or sharing personal information, the categories of third parties to whom we share the personal information, and the specific pieces of personal information we have collected about you. We do not discriminate based on the exercise of any privacy rights that you might have.

You may be entitled, in accordance with applicable law, to submit a request through an authorized agent. To designate an authorized agent to exercise choices on your behalf, please provide evidence that you have given such agent power of attorney or that the agent otherwise has valid written authority to submit requests to exercise rights on your behalf. We will respond to your request consistent with applicable law and subject to proper verification. We will verify your request by asking you to send it from the email address associated with your account or to provide information necessary to verify your account.

The metrics for requests to access, correct, and delete received by TikTok during the previous calendar year can be found here.

While some of the information that we collect and use may constitute sensitive personal information, we only process such information in order to provide the Platform and within other exemptions under applicable law. For example, we may process your financial information in order to provide you the goods or services you request from us or your driver’s license number in order to verify your identity.

Your Choices
You may be able to control some of the Information We Collect through your device browser settings to refuse or disable Cookies. Because each browser is different, please consult the instructions provided by your browser. Please note that you may need to take additional steps to refuse or disable certain types of Cookies. In addition, your choice to disable Cookies is specific to the particular browser or device that you are using when you disable Cookies, so you may need to separately disable Cookies for each type of browser or device. If you choose to refuse, disable, or delete Cookies, some of the functionality of the Platform may no longer be available to you. Without this information, we are not able to provide you with all of the requested services.
You can navigate to "Ads" in your in-app settings to opt-out of targeted advertising based on personal information about your activity on nonaffiliated apps and websites.
You may be able to manage third-party advertising preferences for some of the third parties we work with to serve advertising across the Internet by using the choices available at https://www.networkadvertising.org/managing/opt_out.asp and https://www.aboutads.info/choices.
Your device may have controls that determine what Information We Collect. For example, you can control whether we can collect your mobile advertising identifier for advertising through settings on your Apple and Android devices.
You can opt out of marketing or advertising emails by using the “unsubscribe” link or mechanism noted in marketing or advertising emails.
Current versions of the app do not collect precise or approximate GPS information from U.S. users. If you are still using an older version that allowed for collection of precise or approximate GPS information (last release in August 2020) and you granted us permission to do so, you can prevent your device from sharing such information with the Platform at any time through your device’s operating system settings.
If you have registered for an account, you may access, review, and update certain personal information that you have provided to us by logging into your account and using available features and functionalities.
Some browsers transmit “do-not-track” signals to websites. Because of differences in how browsers incorporate and activate this feature, we currently do not take action in response to these signals.
Data Security and Retention
We use reasonable measures to help protect information from loss, theft, misuse, unauthorized access, disclosure, alteration, or destruction. You should understand that no data storage system or transmission of data over the Internet or any other public network can be guaranteed to be 100 percent secure. Please note that information collected by third parties may not have the same security protections as information you submit to us, and we are not responsible for protecting the security of such information.

We retain information for as long as necessary to provide the Platform and for the other purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We also retain information when necessary to comply with contractual and legal obligations, when we have a legitimate business interest to do so (such as improving and developing the Platform, and enhancing its safety, security and stability), and for the exercise or defense of legal claims.

The retention periods are different depending on different criteria, such as the type of information and the purposes for which we use the information. For example, when we process your information such as your profile information to provide you with the Platform, we keep this information for as long as you have an account. If you violate our Terms of Service, Community Guidelines, or other conditions or policies, we may remove your profile immediately, but may keep other information about you to process the violation.

TikTok may transmit your data to its servers or data centers outside of the United States for storage and/or processing. Other entities with whom TikTok may share your data as described herein may be located outside of the United States.

Children and Teens
The privacy of Children is important to us. We provide a separate experience for Children in the United States, in which we collect and process only limited information. For information about how we collect, use, share, and otherwise process the personal information of Children, please refer to our Children’s Privacy Policy.

The Platform otherwise is not directed at Children. If we become aware that personal information has been collected on the Platform from a Child, we will delete this information and terminate the Child’s account. If you believe there is a user who is below the age of 13, please contact us at: https://tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.

If you are a parent or guardian, our Guardian's Guide contains information and resources to help you understand the Platform and the tools and controls you can use.

Other Rights
Sharing for Direct Marketing Purposes (Shine the Light)
If you are a California resident, once a calendar year, you may be entitled to obtain information about personal information that we shared, if any, with other businesses for their own direct marketing uses. To submit a request, contact us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy.

Content Removal for Users Under 18
Users of the Platform who are California residents and are under 18 years of age may request and obtain removal of User Content they posted by contacting us at: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy. All requests must provide a description of the User Content you want removed and information reasonably sufficient to permit us to locate that User Content. We do not accept California Removal Requests via postal mail, telephone, or facsimile. We may not be able to respond if you do not provide adequate information. Please note that your request does not ensure complete or comprehensive removal of the material. For example, User Content that you have posted may be republished or reposted by another user.

Privacy Policy Updates
We may update this Privacy Policy from time to time. When we update the Privacy Policy, we will notify you by updating the “Last Updated” date at the top of the new Privacy Policy, posting the new Privacy Policy, or providing any other notice required by applicable law. We recommend that you review the Privacy Policy each time you visit the Platform to stay informed of our privacy practices.

Contact Us
Questions, comments and requests regarding this Privacy Policy should be addressed to:

Contact us: https://www.tiktok.com/legal/report/privacy
Mailing Address: TikTok Inc., Attn: Privacy Policy Inquiry, 5800 Bristol Parkway, Suite 100, Culver City, CA 90230