transcription Hello everyone. I hope you guys are doing well. We're going to continue today looking at the the right end of the 1920s and then we'll be moving into the 1930s early 1930s. a little bit of the material that we've already covered. And then we're going to talk generally about the Great Depression, the Great Depression years, the early years of the Great Depression. And then I'm going to show a video. about 25 minutes long. About a really interesting and I think important episode that occurred during these years, and I'll explain that when we get to it. I'll wrap up today's lecture with some commentary about the video and what it really meant about this time period in American history. even be a movie theater but I think it's probably probably a hotel. Better talks about the kind of money that will be accepted. And then you see a soup, coffee, and donut the unemployed free soup on the upper right. And then on the lower left children who are essentially demonstrating for jobs for their fathers for their parents. And then more, more unemployed man on the lower right. So these are some typical scenes, especially from larger urban areas during the Great Depression. In this situation, the unemployment, the social catastrophe, it really erupted pretty quickly stock market crash. So we'll remember that Herbert Hoover was the president of the United States at that point. market would always work is that, yes, there would be some sometimes of economic downturn. to try to fix the economy itself because he believed it would regulate itself back to health. saw these statistics, these dates last time that sort of chronicles some of the major drops in the stock market and the value of the stock market. And we pointed out that October 29, 1929, is if we had to pick a day, is the day where we would say the stock market crash. reality, the stock market crashed over a period of literally weeks and it continued to go down. But the part of the drop in value of the stock market that was the most severe and really triggered call the Great Depression occurred in late October of 1929. And again some more newspaper clippings from this time period. So you can see a clipping from the London herald on the upper left and then various, the Brooklyn Eagle, the Milwaukee leader, the daily male, greatest crash in Wall Street's history. is another use of that word panic, meaning sort of economic anxiety, economic worry and concern. extreme. So a panic is something that's very extreme. And it became very clear to people quickly that this situation was not going to get better on it, so very easily or very quickly. So and again, the stock market crash was really a trigger of it. off sort of a domino effect of disasters throughout the economic system. to lose money. A lot of people lost a lot of money, a lot of people lost all the money that they had invested. gone. So people lose their investments in the stock market, people lose the money in their savings accounts and their bank accounts. To make matters even worse, these years the agricultural industry also was in trouble. It had never been really great during the 1920s. We talked about that a little bit earlier, but it got even worse early 1930s. Not only were farmers also going to be hurt financially because of the effects of the stock market crash and everything that came after. There was a period of drought in the lower Midwest and that created difficult conditions for growing crops. So it created what became known as the dust ball. So lay on that once was very productive for agriculture became unproductive to dry. To dry to produce crops. Hoover, he sees all of this unfolding and at first he does what a lot of people criticized him for doing, which was basically cheerleading, trying to say positive words, trying to suggest to the public that the stock market crash was temporary and things would get better. And also asking businesses, asking employers, asking businesses not to lay off workers, not to lower salaries. of those words, they were nothing, they became nothing more than words. They weren't going to fix anything. even, even Hoover realizes he has got to use the power of the government to try to improve the economy a little bit. supports the creation of these two agencies, the Reconstruction Finance Corporation, which made loans to banks in railroads and insurance companies. So in other words, federal loans, federal money to these large corporations to keep them afloat, to save them, to keep going bankrupt. And also some funds for individuals who were wanted to buy homes, who wanted to qualify for mortgages. But these were pretty small programs. They didn't have huge amounts of money in them available and it was too little too light. So it wasn't going to work. we liked that this these statistics last time, but it's important to really keep these in mind so that the depression begins with the stock market crash. and tens of thousands of businesses close across the country banks fail as we mentioned thousands of banks fail millions of bank accounts gone wiped out. Growing unemployment, unemployment hits, this is an important number, 25% of the population, the working population. And this is just one number and you might see this number in well, 75% of the people are working. But people who kept jobs oftentimes had a lower salary, their wages were cut or and or they had fewer hours of employment, whether employment was just seasonal. is true that some people, and especially people who had a lot of money, were able to weather this storm of the depression better than others. But for the majority of the working class, it was disastrous. And with this many people out of work, I mean, this would, for especially, well, for any economy, and certainly the US economy, this was a terrible thing. disastrous. And it led, it was led to, it was part of a worldwide economic depression, which we'll say later in the course led to other other global problems and other other tensions.'re getting close to the 1932 election. The economy since the stock market crash is getting worse, more employment, banks closing, businesses closing. booming. And for a lot of people, it was possible to you know, dream of making money and being in the middle class or upper middle class and attaining that. now people are scared and they're worried. And they're worried that business, the capitalist system is not working right and maybe it has some flaws. be fixed. If you're living in the United States at this time, it would be easy to understand why people might think that. So what is the role of government? Is it to step in and try to fix the economy? That's not what someone like Herbert Hoover believed. Should the government create jobs and put people back to work, all those people who had lost their jobs? out businesses, kind of like the reconstruction finance corporation that we talked about, should the government regulate business, I mean the government was not even really regulating business very much at this point.'s the role of government? And how does how's government gonna deal with problems like like this one like the Great Depression that's ravaging the population? So Herbert Hoover leading up to the 1932 election, he gets criticized by the press, but also by the public. In one of the basic criticisms of Hoover is that he's blind., there are all of these sort of statements and sayings and posters and that you can see here that are kind of trying to throw throw the situation right back at Hoover. the depression after him. So you can see in some of these signs here, Hoover's poor farm tobacco fund. you can't ignore the depression president Hoover. and we're going to name it after you. You have to understand what's going on. There were homeless camps established and created because homeless people had nowhere to go. So essentially homeless camps, tent cities, sometimes what they were called. that were constructed in areas, unoccupied parts of cities and towns on the outskirts. So you see the Seattle Hooverville here. There was a Hooverville in Sacramento off the American River near what is downtown today. So there were Hooverville set up everywhere that in all of these homeless camps were referred to as Hooverville. So again, so the idea is so Hoover could not escape what was happening. So more photos. Hooverville. So the election is coming up and Hoover is going to run for re-election. But there's going to be a challenger and you can see the challenger here, it's Franklin Roosevelt. we'll talk a little bit more about him in a second. But these are interesting, sort of, there's from cartoons and campaign posters. And if you see the one in sort of the lower middle of this image, if you like the depression and want more vote for Hoover, I mean that that was the attitude of a lot of people. That Hoover certainly wasn't going to do anything to end the depression. So that's what you want. Vote for Hoover, because you'll get more of it. And then the sort of message is coming from Roosevelt is I am going to use the power of the government to improve the economy, to make things better. So Roosevelt's message is a very different Roosevelt's message is the government is here to help you not to ignore you. So again, on these posters on the upper left, the man with the heart, the party with the soul. of messages were very important and reflected Roosevelt's plan. So here's a photograph of Roosevelt. He's the Democratic candidate for president, Goufers the Republican candidate.antly related to the order of Roosevelt. of his life in public service either in politics. He was Franklin Roosevelt, like Teddy Roosevelt, who'd been assistant secretary of the Navy. That was sort of a position that a lot of people from privileged families who went into politics, a while. And he also became, he also was Democratic nominee for Vice President in 1920. But Roosevelt was stricken with polio in 1921. really very ill from polio and he did survive and he recovered, but he essentially lost the use of his legs. So he could walk with leg braces, crutches, and that was a disability that he lived with, and the challenge his ability to achieve success in the political world, but he did. was interesting is that the press didn't focus on this at all. So it was a sort of a personal challenge for him, but it was not used against him very much at all during his political career. a fascinating event in your textbook mentions it, but I'm going to play a video that goes over this episode.'s known as the bonus Army March of the bonus Army protests, sometimes just the bonus Army. So I'm going to play the video and basically what this is is like is kind of an uprising in Washington DC.. and I'm gonna play the video, want you to sort of think about what's going on in the dynamics of it because this scared a lot of people when this uprising happened and then also sort of think about the way it ended and how it was ended. And then again, I'll say a few words about this at the end of the video. video. They believed that if they came to Congress, that Congress would finally authorize immediate payment of bonds that they had been promised for the losses that they suffered during World War I. But Congress refused to pay the bonus from the army brutally drove the veterans away.. It's war, the greatest concentration of fighting troops in Washington since 1865. This is the saga of the bonus army in a march that changed the nation. Remember, Lord, for God's sake, you put a rock on it, and it's it. march that changed the nation. DAV, building better lives for America's disabled veterans and their families. Additional production support provided by Tawani Foundation, promoting the ideal of the citizen soldier, at the Pritzker Military Library., Chicago, Illinois. And by the Humanities Council of Washington, D.C. America was not prepared when it entered World War I in 1917. Fighting the Germans required young American men by the millions... way to get them was through conscription. The American Army for the first time in its history will be composed of a majority of conscripted troops. And when the draft is explained to the American people, it's called selective service. Some men were selected to fight others to work in needed defense industries or as farmers. as farmers. So the different conception of military service as it worked as opposed to just the place of it, due to date. The first American troops arrived in France in June of 1917. 18 months, nearly 100,000 lost their lives. 200,000 more were wounded or gassed. Also, over there, were hundreds of thousands of African-American soldiers. combat with American units, many fought courageously under the French flag. For the first time many of these people experienced what it was like to be treated as fully human beings, partway people. When the armistice was signed on November 11th, 1918, most of the Americans that had served would never be the same. the first waves of troops returned from Europe, the nation turned out to honor them with parades. The veterans quickly realized the high price they had paid. Let's say a guy didn't go to war, stayed home, worked in an arms factory. He would probably get maybe 10 times as much as a soldier. What? Soldier in combat was giving about a buck, a buck, a quarter a day. Soon after the war, veterans began to argue that soldiers should be compensated for the wages they lost while serving their country. carefully used the term's adjusted compensation to be clear that what they are asking for is not a bonus, they are asking for back wages that are due to them. It was the tractors who called it a bonus. Finally, in 1924, Congress granted World War I veterans adjusted universal compensation. A law had granted them the bones, equivalent to a dollar to a dollar and a quarter a day for every day they served, which in many cases would be $6,800 or $1,000. But there was a catch. They look at a nickel of the money until 1945. Unless they die, they're so called the Toon Stone bonus.. In 1928 Herbert Clark Hoover, a self-made millionaire, was elected president. In his inaugural address, Hoover proclaimed that the future of the country was bright with hope. months later, the stock market collapsed, and the country descended into the Great Depression. In America, in 1932, hunger and desperation stopped the land. 25% of workers were unemployed, and many were veterans. was Walter W. Waters, down on his luck in Portland, Oregon. He had been a sergeant in the war and that's an indication that you were a pretty good soldier and there were a lot of veterans sitting around trying to find what to do next. Then came a ray of hope. A bill calling for an immediate cash payment of the veterans bonus was introduced in Congress. Waters became obsessed with it. During this time, I was anxiously watching reports in the newspapers of the progress of bonus legislation. noticed that the highly organized lobbies in Washington were producing results, regardless of the justice or injustice of the demand. And a meeting of jobless veterans, waters stood up and urged them to march on Washington. And when that happened, it kind of clicked for these guys. Eventually there were about 300 of them. And they get out of the railroad yard, to hop freight. they go all the way across the country to Washington. knapsacks or duffle bags or bed rolls with tin cups dangling. They had $30 among them. word of the BEF was spreading. Even as waters and as men were heading towards the capital, 25 vets from Tennessee were circling the White House in a truck bearing the sign, we want our bonus. start from everywhere. They start from Los Angeles. They start from Las Vegas. They start from Mississippi in Texas. They come from everywhere. Antonio Oliver, a veteran gas in the Argonne Forest in France, drove from Pennsylvania with his twin sons Nick and Joe. My dad got word to March on Washington and pumped a dub for the that they promised the veterans in 1924. And I think it was approaching dawn when he got there. And my father woke us up says there's a capital building. I never forgot that. of bonus marchers headed for the capital, tell them Glasper, the new DC police chief, prepared for their invasion. I had been aware from the first that the BEF was symbolic of the vast army of unemployed. Anything unfortunate that happened mightitate widespread social disorder. Colin Glasford was a decorated brigadier general during World War I who commanded the loyalty of his men in a very personal way. Glasford was really pleased in many ways that the veterans were coming to But he knew that the politicians were not sympathetic. Officials were also concerned that a large number of African-American veterans were mixed in with the marchers. And the Arnees that going back to the Great War, the African-American troops were segregated from the White troops. Also preparing for the bonus army was a prominent World War I veteran, General Douglas A. McCartner. The United States Army, through its military intelligence division, remained greatly concerned about the possibility of revolution. developed a plan to defend the United States capital in the case of civil rights direction. And they were talking about using tanks, machine guns, gas. more were on their way. Police Chief Glasper realized he was on his own. They followed their leaders in the childlike faith that their government would help them, just as they had responded during the war. Hence, I felt these veterans could not be treated like bones. On June 4th, thousands of Washingtonians lined the streets to see what the Washington Post called, the strangest military parade the Capitol had ever witnessed. The BEF was marching in full force. Within days, Walter Waters had a full-fledged lobbying operation underway. The veterans, frankly, made a nuisance of themselves. A couple of veterans were always sitting in each representative's waiting rooms. The representatives were solicited outside the building as well. The strategy quickly paid off. After just two weeks, the House of Representatives passed the bonus bill. The BEF had won a battle, but a greater one awaited them in the Senate. In a remote neighborhood of Washington, known as Anacostia, an enormous tent and shack city the mud flats. Here, the Threadbare Heroes of World War I formed their last great encampments. We just drove in and we were ankle-deep in mud. I never saw so much mud in my life. could be seen flying from every possible vantage point. A city was laid out in an acoustic. The streets were named by states. There was a library in the center that run by the Salvation Army. It was music day and night. There was gospel music. And there was blues music. And there was country music. And pop your music. There are people who built beautiful little replicas of suburban homes. There were guys who were buried alive for money. I will remember the veteran laying in a casket. San A, they treat us like we were dead people. form of entertainment in the camp was boxing. I was a best I was. We bossed it past the head. My dead would give me a little I rate if we didn't really punch each other out and it's so up both of our arms. It was always a draw, always a draw, always a draw. People across the country sympathized with the bonus marchers plight. I was a, but to official Washington, they were just a sign of trouble on the horizon. One of the stories that went largely unreported was that the color line seemed to have vanished in the bonus army camps. astonished to see black veterans and white veterans sharing billets, shores, and rations. The military experience has the potential for transcending things like race and for black veterans to be in white veterans, was a revolutionary thing. Roy Wilkins, an enterprising young reporter working for the NAACP, decided to visit and see for himself. At Anacostia, there was no residential segregation. Recruits of any color were made welcome. a big event in the part of the city that I lived in. They had groups of whites and they rose that formed a unit because they were from the same state. That was not so usual for the city of Washington. And there were lots of people, especially people in the military who saw this as a very, very dangerous thing. And right there was the tragedy of it all. Men can live, eat, play, and work together, be they black or white, just as the BEF demonstrated. bonus bill passed by the House. The shots and songs of the veterans, the Yanks are starving. The Yanks are starving. Could be heard in the Senate chamber as the heated debate went on. Late in the day, waters delivered the result to his troops. The Senate overwhelmingly defeated the bonus bill, and the men were extraordinarily disappointed. did. They all sang America. And they disperse peacefully. to everybody that they could not remain. But no one knew how to get rid of them and no one wanted violence. On July 16th, the last day Congress was in session. Washington was on edge. Thousands of angry veterans surrounded the Capitol. Near midnight, the 72nd Congress adjourned. Congressmen left through backdoors and underground tunnels to avoid confrontations. The situation had come to a head. The President ordered the evacuation of the veterans from downtown Washington. By police count, there were still 11,698 marchers and their families in Washington. Midway between the White House and the Capitol stood a row of half demolished buildings where hundreds of marchers were living. On the morning of July 28th, the wheels were in motion to evict them. Waters urged his men to cooperate. And someone began to throw bricks at the police. Glassward and several police officers run to the area. Two cops are grabbed. One cop pulls out a gun, and he fires. Another cop turns, and he fires a shot. was dead and another lay died. Now there's been bloodshed. Now you bring in the troops. When MacArthur moved this troops to the affected area, he knew exactly what he was going to do. And he adorned himself in his dress uniform along with his major aid Dwight D. Eisenhower. The force stepped off at 4.30 p.m. More than 200 cavalrymen spread out across Constitution and Pennsylvania Avenue. Behind them came 400 infantrymen, followed up by tanks and armored vehicles. about seven years old at the time and the troops were right and the kids were having new? I was scared and my dad kept saying nothing's going to happen. The government, one of whom is Major Patton, who got their sabers out.'t gas masks, and without warning, began hurling gas grenades at the veterans. The troops advanced, some jabbing with bayonets. The two gas were just burning my face. I was trailing behind my dad and he kept calling. Come on boy, on, boy. Marchers were choking from the gas, just like the battlefields in France. And so they're being forced out of their shack by smoke bomb and tear gas. World by the troops who have been called out by the President of the United States. Chief Glassford stood by helplessly. The veterans did not believe the country for which they had fought would ignore the plight the depression had placed them. Many did not believe that United States troops would take the field against them. By early evening, most of the marchers had been driven across a drawbridge that led to their main camp. does not want MacArthur across the bridge and MacArthur disregards the order. Eisenhower later says that he saw this happen. MacArthur says I cannot bother with pieces of paper during military operation and so he crosses the All through the camp were scenes of panic. My dad says, let's get the hell out of here if the soldiers were going to kill us. Then troops began to set fire to their wooden shacks. One reporter wrote, the blaze was so big it lit the whole sky. A nightmare come to life. looked out a window of the White House in the direction of the fire. Then retired for the night. And the roaring flames sound of death now to the fantastic Polar Farmers that in so disastrously in the shadow of the capital of the United States of America. The morning after the bonus route, public sentiment took a dramatic turn against Herbert Hoover. He argued that this was a communist revolution and there wasn't one bit of evidence to prove it. If the expulsion needed a human face, it came in the person of Joe Angelo, whose story was published across the nation. But Joe Angelo gets the distinguished service across for saving Patent's life on the battlefield. morning, Angelo comes to the bird out field to see Patent. Patent says, take this man away. I don't want to see this man. Walter Waters quickly faded into obscurity. The B.E.F. was broken up. The men returned to some city or other, there to roam the streets, hopelessly seeking work or to shuffle in red lines. There they remain, crying examples not of the need for the bonus, but of the need for a new American system. So just a few months after the bonus marchers are driven out of Washington, you have a song which is called Brother Can You Spare a Dine. was directly inspired by the bonus marchers. And it just captured the desperation that the story of the bonus march. On November 8, 1932, Americans, desperate for change, elected Franklin Delano Roosevelt President. so that's the bonus army protest in March and as the video mentioned the way Hoover handled that situation and you know he might be he might be., but the way he handled it was so disastrous. And so really insult to to so many Americans and to so many veterans who would fight in World War One, that Hoover lost in a landslide. I mean, still, you know, clearly some people voted for him, but he, this was not a close election in any respect. Roosevelt wins. He won by offering the American people reform, and a new deal the phrase that he used. So here he is with his wife Eleanor and that's the story of Eleanor Roosevelt is also fascinating. We won't get into it much in this course, but she's one of the first really very active committed committed to policy change committed to speaking out as an individual to the American public. So very unique couple.. world war one veterans, the bonus, the thousand dollars that they had been promised for having served in World War One. And again, they wanted their bonus early. difficult years of the depression. And you saw thousands of them congregating on Washington DC and Hoover allowed supported, called for the military, the new military to drive these bonus Army marchers out of Washington DC. you'll probably recognize some of the names of the leaders of the military general George Patten, Dwight Eisenhower, Douglas MacArthur. These are all names we'll see later in the course that they were these military leaders were relatively young at this point. mean, they're being used really to again drive these veterans out of Washington DC. So we're now going to move into the new deal, which was the name that Franklin Roosevelt gave to his programs, programs as we'll see, to try to bring recovery to the economy and to the American people. So I'm going to stop there and we will continue next time. So take care everyone and we'll see you soon.